Latest updates for VS Mac 2022 (#25485)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start.md

# [Visual Studio for Mac](#tab/visual-studio-mac)

> We hope to have Visual Studio for Mac instructions soon.

Reviewer: ❤️

# [Visual Studio for Mac](#tab/visual-studio-mac)

> Select **Debug** > **Start Debugging** to launch the app. Visual Studio for Mac launches a browser and navigates to `https://localhost:<port>`, where `<port>` is a randomly chosen port number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select **Debug** > **Start Debugging** to launch the app. Visual Studio for Mac launches a browser and navigates to `https://localhost:<port>`, where `<port>` is the port number randomly assigned at project creation and is set in `Properties/launchSettings.json`.
```
